; vim: ft=colortemplate fdm=marker

; Filetype specific groups
#if get(g:, "@optionprefix_filetype_hi_groups", 0)
; Diff {{{
diffAdded                        green  none
diffRemoved                      red    none
diffChanged                      aqua   none

diffFile                         orange none
diffNewFile                      yellow none

diffLine                         blue   none
; }}}
; HTML {{{
htmlTag                          blue   none
htmlEndTag                       blue   none

htmlTagName                      aqua   none    bold
htmlArg                          aqua   none

htmlScriptTag                    purple none
htmlTagN                         fg1    none
htmlSpecialTagName               aqua   none    bold

htmlLink                         fg4    none    underline

htmlSpecialChar                  orange none

htmlBold                         fg     bg0     bold
htmlBoldUnderline                fg     bg0     bold,underline
htmlBoldItalic                   fg     bg0     bold,italic
htmlBoldUnderlineItalic          fg     bg0     bold,underline,italic

htmlUnderline                    fg     bg0     underline
htmlUnderlineItalic              fg     bg0     underline,italic
htmlItalic                       fg     bg0     italic
; }}}
; XML {{{
xmlTag                           blue   none
xmlEndTag                        blue   none
xmlTagName                       blue   none
xmlEqual                         blue   none
docbkKeyword                     aqua   none    bold

xmlDocTypeDecl                   grey   none
xmlDocTypeKeyword                purple none
xmlCdataStart                    grey   none
xmlCdataCdata                    purple none
dtdFunction                      grey   none
dtdTagName                       purple none

xmlAttrib                        aqua   none
xmlProcessingDelim               grey   none
dtdParamEntityPunct              grey   none
dtdParamEntityDPunct             grey   none
xmlAttribPunct                   grey   none

xmlEntity                        orange none
xmlEntityPunct                   orange none
; }}}
; Vim {{{
vimCommentTitle                  fg4    none    bold
vimNotation                      orange none
vimBracket                       orange none
vimMapModKey                     orange none
vimFuncSID                       fg3    none
vimSetSep                        fg3    none
vimSep                           fg3    none
vimContinue                      fg3    none
; }}}
; Clojure {{{
clojureKeyword                   blue   none
clojureCond                      orange none
clojureSpecial                   orange none
clojureDefine                    orange none

clojureFunc                      yellow none
clojureRepeat                    yellow none
clojureCharacter                 aqua   none
clojureStringEscape              aqua   none
clojureException                 red    none

clojureRegexp                    aqua   none
clojureRegexpEscape              aqua   none
clojureRegexpCharClass           fg3    none    bold
clojureRegexpMod              -> clojureRegexpCharClass
clojureRegexpQuantifier       -> clojureRegexpCharClass

clojureParen                     fg3    none
clojureAnonArg                   yellow none
clojureVariable                  blue   none
clojureMacro                     orange none

clojureMeta                      yellow none
clojureDeref                     yellow none
clojureQuote                     yellow none
clojureUnquote                   yellow none
; }}}
; C {{{
cOperator                        purple none
cStructure                       orange none
; }}}
; Python {{{
pythonBuiltin                    orange none
pythonBuiltinObj                 orange none
pythonBuiltinFunc                orange none
pythonFunction                   aqua   none
pythonDecorator                  red    none
pythonInclude                    blue   none
pythonImport                     blue   none
pythonRun                        blue   none
pythonCoding                     blue   none
pythonOperator                   red    none
pythonException                  red    none
pythonExceptions                 purple none
pythonBoolean                    purple none
pythonDot                        fg3    none
pythonConditional                red    none
pythonRepeat                     red    none
pythonDottedName                 green  none    bold
; }}}
; CSS {{{
cssBraces                        blue   none
cssFunctionName                  yellow none
cssIdentifier                    orange none
cssClassName                     green  none
cssColor                         blue   none
cssSelectorOp                    blue   none
cssSelectorOp2                   blue   none
cssImportant                     green  none
cssVendor                        fg1    none

cssTextProp                      aqua   none
cssAnimationProp                 aqua   none
cssUIProp                        yellow none
cssTransformProp                 aqua   none
cssTransitionProp                aqua   none
cssPrintProp                     aqua   none
cssPositioningProp               yellow none
cssBoxProp                       aqua   none
cssFontDescriptorProp            aqua   none
cssFlexibleBoxProp               aqua   none
cssBorderOutlineProp             aqua   none
cssBackgroundProp                aqua   none
cssMarginProp                    aqua   none
cssListProp                      aqua   none
cssTableProp                     aqua   none
cssFontProp                      aqua   none
cssPaddingProp                   aqua   none
cssDimensionProp                 aqua   none
cssRenderProp                    aqua   none
cssColorProp                     aqua   none
cssGeneratedContentProp          aqua   none
; }}}
; JavaScript {{{
javaScriptBraces                 fg1    none
javaScriptFunction               aqua   none
javaScriptIdentifier             red    none
javaScriptMember                 blue   none
javaScriptNumber                 purple none
javaScriptNull                   purple none
javaScriptParens                 fg3    none
; }}}
; YAJS {{{
javascriptImport                 aqua   none
javascriptExport                 aqua   none
javascriptClassKeyword           aqua   none
javascriptClassExtends           aqua   none
javascriptDefault                aqua   none

javascriptClassName              yellow none
javascriptClassSuperName         yellow none
javascriptGlobal                 yellow none

javascriptEndColons              fg1    none
javascriptFuncArg                fg1    none
javascriptGlobalMethod           fg1    none
javascriptNodeGlobal             fg1    none
javascriptBOMWindowProp          fg1    none
javascriptArrayMethod            fg1    none
javascriptArrayStaticMethod      fg1    none
javascriptCacheMethod            fg1    none
javascriptDateMethod             fg1    none
javascriptMathStaticMethod       fg1    none

javascriptURLUtilsProp           fg1    none
javascriptBOMNavigatorProp       fg1    none
javascriptDOMDocMethod           fg1    none
javascriptDOMDocProp             fg1    none
javascriptBOMLocationMethod      fg1    none
javascriptBOMWindowMethod        fg1    none
javascriptStringMethod           fg1    none

javascriptVariable               orange none
javascriptIdentifier             orange none
javascriptClassSuper             orange none

javascriptFuncKeyword            aqua   none
javascriptAsyncFunc              aqua   none
javascriptClassStatic            orange none

javascriptOperator               red    none
javascriptForOperator            red    none
javascriptYield                  red    none
javascriptExceptions             red    none
javascriptMessage                red    none

javascriptTemplateSB             aqua   none
javascriptTemplateSubstitution   fg1    none

javascriptLabel                  fg1    none
javascriptObjectLabel            fg1    none
javascriptPropertyName           fg1    none

javascriptLogicSymbols           fg1    none
javascriptArrowFunc              yellow none

javascriptDocParamName           fg4    none
javascriptDocTags                fg4    none
javascriptDocNotation            fg4    none
javascriptDocParamType           fg4    none
javascriptDocNamedParamType      fg4    none

javascriptBrackets               fg1    none
javascriptDOMElemAttrs           fg1    none
javascriptDOMEventMethod         fg1    none
javascriptDOMNodeMethod          fg1    none
javascriptDOMStorageMethod       fg1    none
javascriptHeadersMethod          fg1    none

javascriptAsyncFuncKeyword       red    none
javascriptAwaitFuncKeyword       red    none
; }}}
;PanglossJS {{{
jsImport                         red    none
jsExport                         red    none
jsFrom                           red    none
jsThis                           purple none
jsParen                          blue   none
jsOperator                       aqua   none
jsSpreadOperator                 green  none
jsSpreadExpression               blue   none
jsClassKeyword                   red    none
jsClassProperty                  green  none
jsExtendsKeyword                 red    none
jsExportDefault                  orange none bold
jsTemplateBraces                 aqua   none
jsGlobalNodeObjects              fg1    none
jsGlobalObjects                  fg1    none
jsFunction                       green  none
jsFuncParens                     purple none
jsFuncBlock                      blue   none
jsParens                         fg3    none
jsNull                           purple none
jsUndefined                      purple none
jsClassDefinition                yellow none
jsFunctionKey                    green  none
jsBracket                        red    none
jsObjectColon                    red    none
jsObjectProp                     blue   none
jsFuncBraces                     green  none
jsVariableDef                    yellow none
jsObjectValue                    blue   none
jsDestructuringBlock             yellow none
jsParenIfElse                    blue   none
jsClassBlock                     blue   none
jsFutureKeys                     orange none bold
jsStorageClass                   orange none
jsModuleKeyword                  blue   none
jsObjectShorthandProp            blue   none
jsxRegion                        blue   none
; }}}
; JSx{{{
jsxTagName                       blue   none
jsxComponentName                 yellow none
jsxEscapeJsAttributes            blue   none
jsxEscapeJsContent               blue   none
jsxAttrib                        yellow none
jsxAttributeBraces               fg1    none
jsxEqual                         aqua   none
jsxString                        green  none
jsxCloseTag                      blue   none
jsxEndTag                        blue   none
jsxEndString                     blue   none
jsxCloseString                   blue   none
jsxIfOperator                    aqua   none
jsxElseOperator                  aqua   none
jsxDot                           fg1    none
jsxNamespace                     blue   none
jsxPunct                         aqua   none
;}}}
; TypeScript {{{
typeScriptReserved               aqua   none
typeScriptLabel                  aqua   none
typeScriptFuncKeyword            aqua   none
typeScriptIdentifier             orange none
typeScriptBraces                 fg1    none
typeScriptEndColons              fg1    none
typeScriptDOMObjects             fg1    none
typeScriptAjaxMethods            fg1    none
typeScriptLogicSymbols           fg1    none
typeScriptDocSeeTag           -> Comment
typeScriptDocParam            -> Comment
typeScriptDocTags             -> vimCommentTitle
typeScriptGlobalObjects          fg1    none
typeScriptParens                 fg3    none
typeScriptOpSymbols              fg3    none
typeScriptHtmlElemProperties     fg1    none
typeScriptNull                   purple none
typeScriptInterpolationDelimiter aqua   none
; }}}
; PureScript {{{
purescriptModuleKeyword          aqua   none
purescriptModuleName             fg1    none
purescriptWhere                  aqua   none
purescriptDelimiter              fg4    none
purescriptType                   fg1    none
purescriptImportKeyword          aqua   none
purescriptHidingKeyword          aqua   none
purescriptAsKeyword              aqua   none
purescriptStructure              aqua   none
purescriptOperator               blue   none

purescriptTypeVar                fg1    none
purescriptConstructor            fg1    none
purescriptFunction               fg1    none
purescriptConditional            orange none
purescriptBacktick               orange none
; }}}
; CoffeeScript {{{
coffeeExtendedOp                 fg3    none
coffeeSpecialOp                  fg3    none
coffeeCurly                      orange none
coffeeParen                      fg3    none
coffeeBracket                    orange none
; }}}
; Ruby {{{
rubyStringDelimiter              green  none
rubyInterpolationDelimiter       aqua   none
; }}}
; ObjectiveC {{{
objcTypeModifier                 red    none
objcDirective                    blue   none
; }}}
; Go {{{
goDirective                      aqua   none
goConstants                      purple none
goDeclaration                    red    none
goDeclType                       blue   none
goBuiltins                       orange none
; z}}}
; Lua {{{
luaIn                            red    none
luaFunction                      aqua   none
luaTable                         orange none
; }}}
; MoonScript {{{
moonSpecialOp                    fg3    none
moonExtendedOp                   fg3    none
moonFunction                     fg3    none
moonObject                       yellow none
; }}}
; Java {{{
javaAnnotation                   blue   none
javaDocTags                      aqua   none
javaCommentTitle              -> vimCommentTitle
javaParen                        fg3    none
javaParen1                       fg3    none
javaParen2                       fg3    none
javaParen3                       fg3    none
javaParen4                       fg3    none
javaParen5                       fg3    none
javaOperator                     orange none

javaVarArg                       green  none
; }}}
; Elixir {{{
elixirDocString               -> Comment

elixirStringDelimiter            green  none
elixirInterpolationDelimiter     aqua   none

elixirModuleDeclaration          yellow none
; }}}
; Scala {{{
scalaNameDefinition              fg1    none
scalaCaseFollowing               fg1    none
scalaCapitalWord                 fg1    none
scalaTypeExtension               fg1    none

scalaKeyword                     red    none
scalaKeywordModifier             red    none

scalaSpecial                     aqua   none
scalaOperator                    fg1    none

scalaTypeDeclaration             yellow none
scalaTypeTypePostDeclaration     yellow none

scalaInstanceDeclaration         fg1    none
scalaInterpolation               aqua   none
; }}}
; Markdown {{{
markdownItalic                   fg3    none    italic

markdownH1                       green  none    bold
markdownH2                       green  none    bold
markdownH3                       yellow none    bold
markdownH4                       yellow none    bold
markdownH5                       yellow none
markdownH6                       yellow none

markdownCode                     aqua   none
markdownCodeBlock                aqua   none
markdownCodeDelimiter            aqua   none

markdownBlockquote               grey   none
markdownListMarker               grey   none
markdownOrderedListMarker        grey   none
markdownRule                     grey   none
markdownHeadingRule              grey   none

markdownUrlDelimiter             fg3    none
markdownLinkDelimiter            fg3    none
markdownLinkTextDelimiter        fg3    none

markdownHeadingDelimiter         orange none
markdownUrl                      purple none
markdownUrlTitleDelimiter        green  none

markdownLinkText                 grey   none    underline
markdownIdDeclaration         -> markdownLinkText
; }}}
; Haskell {{{
haskellType                      fg1    none
haskellIdentifier                fg1    none
haskellSeparator                 fg1    none
haskellDelimiter                 fg4    none
haskellOperators                 blue   none

haskellBacktick                  orange none
haskellStatement                 orange none
haskellConditional               orange none

haskellLet                       aqua   none
haskellDefault                   aqua   none
haskellWhere                     aqua   none
haskellBottom                    aqua   none
haskellBlockKeywords             aqua   none
haskellImportKeywords            aqua   none
haskellDeclKeyword               aqua   none
haskellDeriving                  aqua   none
haskellAssocType                 aqua   none

haskellNumber                    purple none
haskellPragma                    purple none

haskellString                    green  none
haskellChar                      green  none
; }}}
; JSON {{{
jsonKeyword                      green  none
jsonQuote                        green  none
jsonBraces                       fg1    none
jsonString                       fg1    none
; }}}

; Boldface {{{
Variant: gui
verbatim
if !get(g:, '@optionprefix_bold', 1)
  hi htmlTagName gui=NONE cterm=NONE
  hi htmlSpecialTagName gui=NONE cterm=NONE
  hi htmlBold gui=NONE cterm=NONE
  hi htmlBoldUnderline gui=underline cterm=underline
  hi htmlBoldItalic gui=italic cterm=italic
  hi htmlBoldUnderlineItalic gui=underline,italic cterm=underline,italic
  hi docbkKeyword gui=NONE cterm=NONE
  hi vimCommentTitle gui=NONE cterm=NONE
  hi clojureRegexpCharClass gui=NONE cterm=NONE
  hi pythonDottedName gui=NONE cterm=NONE
  hi jsExportDefault gui=NONE cterm=NONE
  hi jsFutureKeys gui=NONE cterm=NONE
  hi markdownH1 gui=NONE cterm=NONE
  hi markdownH2 gui=NONE cterm=NONE
  hi markdownH3 gui=NONE cterm=NONE
  hi markdownH4 gui=NONE cterm=NONE
endif
endverbatim
Variant: gui 256
; }}}
#endif

